first I would like to say thank you for
agreeing to see me again that's quite
all right but I feel obligated to tell
you that this meeting is being
videotaped okay well first I would like
to start by apologizing for kissing you
and for yelling at you
fair enough now you're probably going to
hire one of the people who who did who
did not yell at you and storm out and I
think that's a big big mistake and
here's why I'm not a huge fool of myself
and I came back that shows courage when
I thought you wanted to sex in exchange
for this job I said no that shows
integrity and I was not afraid to stand
up for myself and that shows courage no
I I know that I've already said courage
but you gotta have courage
and and finally when I thought you were
making sexual advances in the workplace
I said no and I was not litigious so
there you go you got you got courage you
got integrity you got courage again mr.
zelner seller I really really want this
job and I think I think I would be
really good at it you know what yeah I
may regret this but uh I'm gonna give
you a shot Oh
oh thank you
oak would it be completely inappropriate
if I gave you a hug yes
sorry I did not mean to touch that I
mean you okay so thank you thank you I'm
gonna leave thank you very much haha
thank you so Hey else I'll see you
Monday